feat(livestock-animal-set-leave): add animal set leave documentation (#30)
Pure-Farming/Documentation: docs/resource-types/livestock/animal-set-leave.md

| **Self**               | A link to this specific animal set leave                                                               | URI                                                |
| **Location**           | An identifier for the location of the animal set leave                                                 | [Identifier](/resource-types/common.md#identifier) |
| **Meta**               | Meta data for the resource                                                                             | [Metadata](/resource-types/common.md#metadata)     |
| **Resource Type**      | The fixed discriminator for the animal set leave resource type.<br/>Value: /livestock/animal-set-leave | String                                             |
| **Contemporary Group** | A contemporary group code that would affect statistical analysis                                       | String                                             |
| **Event Date Time**    | The time the event occurred                                                                            | Datetime                                           |

> | **Id**                 | The Pure Farming Id of this animal set join                                                            | UUID                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Id**                 | The Pure Farming Id of this animal set leave event | UUID                                               |
```
